androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R
androidx/startup/R.java
 androidx.startup.R
 androidx.startup.R$string
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
com/facebook/drawee/backends/pipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$styleable
com/facebook/common/R.java
 com.facebook.common.R
 com.facebook.common.R$anim
 com.facebook.common.R$animator
 com.facebook.common.R$attr
 com.facebook.common.R$bool
 com.facebook.common.R$color
 com.facebook.common.R$dimen
 com.facebook.common.R$drawable
 com.facebook.common.R$id
 com.facebook.common.R$integer
 com.facebook.common.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.common.R$layout
 com.facebook.common.R$string
 com.facebook.common.R$style
 com.facebook.common.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$animator
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
 androidx.savedstate.R$id
com/facebook/react/R.java
 com.facebook.react.R
 com.facebook.react.R$anim
 com.facebook.react.R$attr
 com.facebook.react.R$bool
 com.facebook.react.R$color
 com.facebook.react.R$dimen
 com.facebook.react.R$drawable
 com.facebook.react.R$id
 com.facebook.react.R$integer
 com.facebook.react.R$layout
 com.facebook.react.R$string
 com.facebook.react.R$style
 com.facebook.react.R$styleable
 com.facebook.react.R$xml
com/facebook/core/R.java
 com.facebook.core.R
 com.facebook.core.R$attr
 com.facebook.core.R$color
 com.facebook.core.R$dimen
 com.facebook.core.R$drawable
 com.facebook.core.R$id
 com.facebook.core.R$integer
 com.facebook.core.R$layout
 com.facebook.core.R$string
 com.facebook.core.R$style
 com.facebook.core.R$styleable
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
com/hardtofindmaps/MainActivity.java
 com.hardtofindmaps.MainActivity
com/RNAppleAuthentication/R.java
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R$anim
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R$animator
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R$attr
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R$bool
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R$color
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R$dimen
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R$drawable
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R$id
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R$integer
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R$layout
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R$string
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R$style
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R$styleable
 com.RNAppleAuthentication.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/facebook/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.soloader.R
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/hardtofindmaps/R.java
 com.hardtofindmaps.R
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$anim
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$animator
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$attr
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$bool
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$color
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$dimen
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$drawable
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$id
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$integer
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$interpolator
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$layout
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$menu
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$mipmap
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$plurals
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$raw
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$string
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$style
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$styleable
 com.hardtofindmaps.R$xml
com/facebook/imagepipeline/backends/okhttp3/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.backends.okhttp3.R
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
com/reactnativegooglesignin/R.java
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R$anim
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R$animator
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R$attr
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R$bool
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R$color
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R$dimen
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R$drawable
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R$id
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R$integer
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R$layout
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R$string
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R$style
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R$styleable
 com.reactnativegooglesignin.R$xml
androidx/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.core.ktx.R
 androidx.core.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.core.ktx.R$color
 androidx.core.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.core.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.core.ktx.R$id
 androidx.core.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.core.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.core.ktx.R$string
 androidx.core.ktx.R$style
 androidx.core.ktx.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/phone/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.phone.R
com/bumptech/glide/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.R
 com.bumptech.glide.R$attr
 com.bumptech.glide.R$color
 com.bumptech.glide.R$dimen
 com.bumptech.glide.R$drawable
 com.bumptech.glide.R$id
 com.bumptech.glide.R$integer
 com.bumptech.glide.R$layout
 com.bumptech.glide.R$string
 com.bumptech.glide.R$style
 com.bumptech.glide.R$styleable
com/bumptech/glide/gifdecoder/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.gifdecoder.R
com/facebook/applinks/R.java
 com.facebook.applinks.R
 com.facebook.applinks.R$attr
 com.facebook.applinks.R$color
 com.facebook.applinks.R$dimen
 com.facebook.applinks.R$drawable
 com.facebook.applinks.R$id
 com.facebook.applinks.R$integer
 com.facebook.applinks.R$layout
 com.facebook.applinks.R$string
 com.facebook.applinks.R$style
 com.facebook.applinks.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
com/facebook/gamingservices/R.java
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R$anim
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R$animator
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R$attr
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R$bool
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R$color
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R$dimen
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R$drawable
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R$id
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R$integer
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R$layout
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R$string
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R$style
 com.facebook.gamingservices.R$styleable
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/facebook/reactnative/androidsdk/R.java
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$anim
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$attr
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$bool
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$color
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$dimen
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$drawable
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$id
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$integer
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$layout
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$string
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$style
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$styleable
 com.facebook.reactnative.androidsdk.R$xml
com/reactnativecommunity/netinfo/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$xml
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
org/wonday/orientation/R.java
 org.wonday.orientation.R
 org.wonday.orientation.R$anim
 org.wonday.orientation.R$attr
 org.wonday.orientation.R$bool
 org.wonday.orientation.R$color
 org.wonday.orientation.R$dimen
 org.wonday.orientation.R$drawable
 org.wonday.orientation.R$id
 org.wonday.orientation.R$integer
 org.wonday.orientation.R$layout
 org.wonday.orientation.R$string
 org.wonday.orientation.R$style
 org.wonday.orientation.R$styleable
 org.wonday.orientation.R$xml
com/yalantis/ucrop/R.java
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$anim
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$attr
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$bool
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$color
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$dimen
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$drawable
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$id
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$integer
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$layout
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$menu
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$string
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$style
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/runtime/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R$id
com/facebook/drawee/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.R
 com.facebook.drawee.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.R$styleable
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
com/facebook/messenger/R.java
 com.facebook.messenger.R
 com.facebook.messenger.R$attr
 com.facebook.messenger.R$color
 com.facebook.messenger.R$dimen
 com.facebook.messenger.R$drawable
 com.facebook.messenger.R$id
 com.facebook.messenger.R$integer
 com.facebook.messenger.R$layout
 com.facebook.messenger.R$string
 com.facebook.messenger.R$style
 com.facebook.messenger.R$styleable
androidx/work/R.java
 androidx.work.R
 androidx.work.R$bool
androidx/sqlite/db/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.R
androidx/lifecycle/service/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.service.R
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/facebook/login/R.java
 com.facebook.login.R
 com.facebook.login.R$anim
 com.facebook.login.R$animator
 com.facebook.login.R$attr
 com.facebook.login.R$bool
 com.facebook.login.R$color
 com.facebook.login.R$dimen
 com.facebook.login.R$drawable
 com.facebook.login.R$id
 com.facebook.login.R$integer
 com.facebook.login.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.login.R$layout
 com.facebook.login.R$string
 com.facebook.login.R$style
 com.facebook.login.R$styleable
com/hardtofindmaps/MainApplication.java
 com.hardtofindmaps.MainApplication
 com.hardtofindmaps.MainApplication$1
androidx/browser/R.java
 androidx.browser.R
 androidx.browser.R$attr
 androidx.browser.R$color
 androidx.browser.R$dimen
 androidx.browser.R$drawable
 androidx.browser.R$id
 androidx.browser.R$integer
 androidx.browser.R$layout
 androidx.browser.R$string
 androidx.browser.R$style
 androidx.browser.R$styleable
com/swmansion/gesturehandler/react/R.java
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$anim
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$attr
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$bool
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$color
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$id
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$integer
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$layout
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$string
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$style
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R$id
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
com/facebook/fbcore/R.java
 com.facebook.fbcore.R
com/facebook/imagepipelinebase/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/facebook/R.java
 com.facebook.R
 com.facebook.R$anim
 com.facebook.R$animator
 com.facebook.R$attr
 com.facebook.R$bool
 com.facebook.R$color
 com.facebook.R$dimen
 com.facebook.R$drawable
 com.facebook.R$id
 com.facebook.R$integer
 com.facebook.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.R$layout
 com.facebook.R$string
 com.facebook.R$style
 com.facebook.R$styleable
com/th3rdwave/safeareacontext/R.java
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$anim
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$attr
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$bool
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$color
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$dimen
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$drawable
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$id
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$integer
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$layout
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$string
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$style
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$styleable
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$xml
com/facebook/nativefilters/R.java
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R
org/reactnative/maskedview/R.java
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$anim
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$attr
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$bool
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$color
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$dimen
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$drawable
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$id
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$integer
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$layout
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$string
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$style
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$styleable
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/auth/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.R
com/facebook/share/R.java
 com.facebook.share.R
 com.facebook.share.R$anim
 com.facebook.share.R$animator
 com.facebook.share.R$attr
 com.facebook.share.R$bool
 com.facebook.share.R$color
 com.facebook.share.R$dimen
 com.facebook.share.R$drawable
 com.facebook.share.R$id
 com.facebook.share.R$integer
 com.facebook.share.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.share.R$layout
 com.facebook.share.R$string
 com.facebook.share.R$style
 com.facebook.share.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/android/installreferrer/R.java
 com.android.installreferrer.R
com/reactnative/ivpusic/imagepicker/R.java
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R$anim
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R$attr
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R$bool
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R$color
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R$dimen
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R$drawable
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R$id
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R$integer
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R$layout
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R$menu
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R$string
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R$style
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R$styleable
 com.reactnative.ivpusic.imagepicker.R$xml
com/reactlibrary/R.java
 com.reactlibrary.R
 com.reactlibrary.R$anim
 com.reactlibrary.R$attr
 com.reactlibrary.R$bool
 com.reactlibrary.R$color
 com.reactlibrary.R$dimen
 com.reactlibrary.R$drawable
 com.reactlibrary.R$id
 com.reactlibrary.R$integer
 com.reactlibrary.R$layout
 com.reactlibrary.R$string
 com.reactlibrary.R$style
 com.reactlibrary.R$styleable
 com.reactlibrary.R$xml
androidx/sqlite/db/framework/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.framework.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R$id
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
com/swmansion/rnscreens/R.java
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$anim
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$animator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$attr
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$bool
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$color
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$id
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$integer
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$interpolator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$layout
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$plurals
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$string
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$style
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$xml
com/reactnativecommunity/geolocation/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$xml
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
com/bumptech/glide/integration/okhttp/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$attr
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$color
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$dimen
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$drawable
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$id
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$integer
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$layout
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$string
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$style
 com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/reactnativecommunity/asyncstorage/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$xml
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$anim
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$animator
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$dimen
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$layout
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$style
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$styleable
com/hardtofindmaps/SplashActivity.java
 com.hardtofindmaps.SplashActivity
com/swmansion/reanimated/R.java
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$anim
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$attr
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$bool
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$color
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$id
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$integer
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$layout
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$string
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$style
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$xml
org/devio/rn/splashscreen/R.java
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$anim
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$attr
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$bool
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$color
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$dimen
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$drawable
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$id
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$integer
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$layout
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$string
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$style
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$styleable
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$xml
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
com/facebook/react/PackageList.java
 com.facebook.react.PackageList
org/webkit/androidjsc/R.java
 org.webkit.androidjsc.R
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/facebook/nativeimagetranscoder/R.java
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R
com/dylanvann/fastimage/R.java
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$anim
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$attr
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$bool
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$color
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$dimen
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$drawable
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$id
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$integer
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$layout
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$string
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$style
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$styleable
 com.dylanvann.fastimage.R$xml
com/hardtofindmaps/BuildConfig.java
 com.hardtofindmaps.BuildConfig
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
androidx/room/R.java
 androidx.room.R
